googlecloud: renamed stackdriver exporter to googlecloud (2 of 2) (#2713)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/stackdriverexporter/README.md

# Deprecated Stackdriver Exporter

> This exporter has been replaced by the [Google Cloud exporter](../googlecloudexporter/README.md).
> `stackdriver` exporter configurations will continue to work but are deprecated. Please use [Google
> Cloud exporter](../googlecloudexporter/README.md) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This exporter has been renamed to the [Google Cloud exporter](../googlecloudexporter/README.md).
`stackdriver` exporter configurations will continue to work for the sake of backwards compatibility.
```
